Okay. Thanks for waiting.
Thank you very much.
Barley shochu really hits the spot
after a visit to the detention center.
Attorney Kujo,
you ignored my advice, didn't you?
Do you mean about the yakuza case?
On Mr. Kyogoku's orders,
you went to visit the boss
of Fushimi-gumi, didn't you?
If I don't take the case,
he won't get a fair defense.
What do you mean by "fair defense"?
It looks like
we won't see eye to eye on this.
I'm simply saying this
because I'm worried about you.
If you keep this up,
you won't just lose your badge.
I'll end up behind bars.
They'll do anything to protect themselves.
-So you're worried about my life.
-You'll lose what matters most.
It's not too late.
I'll say it as many times as it takes.
I'm worried about you, Attorney Kujo.
Mr. Horikawa was sentenced to death today.
Mr. Horikawa? Do you mean the case
that you were removed from?
Yes.
I wanted to see it through to the end.
I thought it had nothing to do with me,
but it's not easy to come to terms with.
Excuse me. Two more, please.
Got it.
Thank you very much.
I love reading
this column of yours, Ms. Ichida.
I'm glad to hear it.
Oh, and about that favor I asked…
You want to interview those trying
to reintegrate into society, right?
Yes.
I understand.
I'd be happy to help.
Thank you very much.
No problem.
I don't know if I should ask,
but why did you start this column?
I used to be a reporter
for a weekly magazine.
I joined a publishing company,
and as a new employee,
I was assigned to the weekly magazine.
Then one day, there was
an indiscriminate murder case.
An indiscriminate murder?
Twenty years ago, a middle-aged man
was killed on a bullet train
while trying to protect another victim.
Oh, that incident.
At first, it was reported
as a heroic tale of an elite businessman
and University of Tokyo law graduate
who saved a life.
HERO STOPS A MURDER
But after we published the article,
the editor in chief issued an order.
"Look into the hero's
relationships with women
and pick up some gossip."
A FAMILY MAN
DEEP IN TRANSACTIONAL DATING
The following week,
an article exposed the businessman's
transactional dating history.
FAMILY DIDN'T KNOW
The weekly magazine sold like crazy.
After that, public opinion of him
changed completely.
The hero who saved a life
became the target of slander
and relentless scrutiny.
After that, I quit working for
the weekly magazine and left the company.
I still regret writing that article.
I'm sorry for making you remember
something so unpleasant.
I've never forgotten about it.
After the first article came out,
I had an acquaintance at the funeral hall
who let me pose as an employee
to gather information
on the victim's family.
It was a quiet family funeral
with just the mother and son.
The son was supporting his mother,
who fell to her knees, crying.
I couldn't even talk to them.
The son stayed up all night watching
the incense burn, even after he was alone.
I'm sure he wanted to cry and scream.
But it looked to me like he was
desperately trying to suppress his urges.
We ended up drinking here after all, huh?
Black Thunder
would've been lonely otherwise.
This is the last time.
I can't go along with you anymore,
Attorney Kujo.
I understand.
Attorney Kujo doesn't, does he?
RINO
Pick up the call already.
Your daughter is waiting.
I can tell it's your daughter
by the look on your face.
Hello?
Yeah.
That's fine.
August 15th.
Yeah.
It's a promise.
Did you make a promise?
Yes.
I was forced to make one.
Since I'm busy, she wanted to book me
in advance for her birthday next month.
Please make sure
to keep your promise to your daughter.
Okay.
What is family to you, Attorney Kujo?
I guess it's something
you can't escape from.
"Can't escape from"?
No matter how far you distance yourself,
or change your last name,
it clings tightly to your back
and won't come off.
If you try to tear it off by force,
it will rip your own flesh.
You're talking about
the Kurama family, right?
But why do you hate them so much?
If you trace it back,
it might be because of my name.
Your name?
My name is "Taiza," which is
the kanji for "human" spelled backwards.
Apparently, my father named me.
When I was a child,
I was often teased for not having
my head screwed on straight.
I thought,
"What a sinful name he gave me."
I still resent him for it.
When I was a child, I was also hated for
having the word "crow" in my last name.
People said it was bad luck.
I wonder which is worse…
A backward human or a crow.
Well, I wonder which…
But your daughter
is not a member of the Kurama family,
so please keep your promise.
You're right.
OUT OF THE OFFICE
My back hurts.
What a trashy place.
Hello, hello.
Wow, what a nice place.
Sorry to bother you. Here's the key.
It's okay. I took the local roads
all the way here.
Thanks for your business.
Let's go.
Hey, how are we getting back?
We'll take the bullet train
from Oyama Station.
How are we getting to the station?
It says here that it's a 39-minute walk.
What the hell?
Plus, transporting stolen cars
is the riskiest job,
and we only get paid 30,000.
That's lame.
We're grunts, so it can't be helped.
Grunts, huh?
Sugawara's looking down on us,
that bastard!
Huh?
Are you dissing Mr. Sugawara?
Hey.
Let's rob that car dealer.
Huh?
I know where the safe and camera are.
What are you talking about? No.
We don't know who he's connected to.
Hey.
We'll be fine if we don't get found out.
Yoo-hoo!
Hey! Who are you guys? Hey! Stop it!
I got it.
No, please stop!
Hey! Think about what you're doing.
Open the safe!
The safe!
Piece of cake.
That car dealer was in a panic.
When you told me to bring
all the weapons I could find,
I was really surprised.
Oki, throw away those tools
on garbage collection day tomorrow.
In the next town over.
Got it.
So shall we go to a hostess club
and have a blast with this money?
Let's play a game first.
A game?
A trust game.
We do this to each other.
You can't do it without trust, right?
You do it to me first.
I'm a bit clumsy, so--
Here I go.
Does it hurt, Komatsu?
The trust game begins here.
As for the killing
of that Detective Arashiyama's daughter,
if you hadn't snitched,
no one would've found out!
How will you explain this at the hospital?
How will you explain this?
Hey.
I-I'll say I was playing a game
of cutting off my own finger.
Good.
What's all this, all of a sudden?
I wanted to fill this place with flowers,
like when I was a kid.
I see.
Did something happen?
Huh?
You look gloomy.
I've decided to quit working
at Attorney Kujo's office.
Why is that?
I've learned a lot already.
I'll work somewhere else now.
Have you already decided on a new office?
Yes.
Is the new attorney a good person?
What's your standard for good or bad?
Whether they can help people or not.
Your dad was made out
to be a bad person after he died.
A criminal killed him,
and afterward,
he was killed by the public.
Back then…
no one helped us.
So I want you to be…
an attorney
who helps the weak
who are suffering, Shinji.
I know.
I'm okay now.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
But…
can I ask you for one thing?
What is it?
I want to meet Attorney Kujo.
NAGARAGI LAW OFFICE
Attorney Nagaragi,
I'm happy to work with you starting today.
Likewise.
-I ask for your cooperation.
-Likewise.
We're more than glad to have you on board,
but I'm a little worried.
About what?
He's alone again.
Attorney Kujo, that is.
Long time no see, Inukai.
What are you here for?
That's no way to greet me. I spent
ten years in prison thanks to your orders.
Wanna discuss the old days?
-You didn't even visit me, did you?
-You refused to see me.
You should've shown your sincerity
by visiting me multiple times!
I don't care anymore.
Three million isn't enough
for Arashiyama's daughter's murder.
Prepare 300 million.
300 million?
Yeah.
I found out after gathering information.
Koyama, CEO of an adult video company.
Arashiyama's daughter was his mistress.
Kyogoku from Fushimi-gumi
ordered you to kill her to silence her.
That's why you used us,
who were minors at the time.
300 million is cheap!
I know nothing about that.
It's already in the past.
It's not in the past.
You know who this belongs to, right?
We've got your right-hand man, Kuga.
Mr. Sugawara wants to talk to you.
You had him work
at Mr. Sugawara's nursing home
and leak inside info
to the media, ruining him.
You won't get away with this unscathed.
Prepare 300 million yen.
We'll wait a week.
You're completely done for,
Mibu.
I heard that the kid
who killed Mr. Koyama's mistress
is blackmailing you.
I have a good ear for rumors.
The kid and Sugawara
are trying to shake you down
for 300 million yen, right?
But if you pay them even once, it's over.
They'll keep making petty complaints
and will strip you to the bone.
Well, Mibu,
I'll step in and handle this for you.
No.
I'll take care of my own mess.
Is that so?
Well, be careful.
Thank you.
Excuse me.
You're the most dangerous one.
Mibu's here.
Mibu, did you bring the 300 million yen?
Kuga,
are you alive?
No, I'm dead.
Good.
Let's go home.
Okay.
What are you two joking about?
Hey, you're empty-handed.
Where's the money?
Your yapping is so loud.
I'm not paying, idiot.
Are you messing with me, Mibu?
You used Kuga to destroy
my nursing facility.
I won't settle for 300 million yen.
Give me all your assets.
If you don't pay,
I'll bury you both in the mountains.
I don't have the money to pay you.
Compensate me for the watch.
Are you going to ask Mr. Kyogoku
to back you up?
What can you do by yourself?
Are you stupid?
I'm always well-prepared,
Mr. Sugawara.
Huh?
What the hell?
Shut up.
Are you okay, Kuga?
I'm not… okay.
You're a masochist.
I'm not a masochist.
Hey.
Let go of me, damn it!
If you're gonna kill me,
hurry up and get it over with,
Mibu.
What a drastic thing to say.
I'm not going to kill you.
Mr. Sugawara.
I think highly of you.
You're sharp-minded and good at business.
But
as we are now, we're just a bunch
of half-assed city thugs.
To become more influential,
I need your help, Mr. Sugawara.
Join me.
You've… got to be kidding me!
You took ten years of my life,
and you have the nerve to say that?
You made the decision, you murderer!
Think about it, Inukai.
Don't direct your anger
at the wrong person.
I'm Kyogoku's lapdog.
I'm just like you,
a lapdog that does what it's told.
But…
I'll take off my collar
and give it back to him someday.
Everyone…
lend me your strength.
Attorney Karasuma.
Are you visiting someone?
Yes.
I just came back
from bringing the boss some food. Eel.
Is that so?
I heard you quit working
for Attorney Kujo. Why?
Did you guys fight?
You have a good ear for rumors.
He's my guardian angel.
I know everything about Attorney Kujo.
Guardian angel, huh?
Your closer?
Or should I say, your fixer?
Are you going to take off on your own,
Attorney Karasuma?
You can say whatever you want.
Attorney Karasuma, you're still young,
so let me teach you something.
Even if you think you've escaped,
once you've stepped in,
a hand will reach up from the ground and
grab your arm when you least expect it,
just like in Carrie.
Carrie?
De Palma's masterpiece.
You'd better watch out.
One day,
zombies you don't even remember
will come crawling out.
Your sins don't fade and disappear.
They grow bigger without you noticing.
Running away only makes things worse.
I don't have time for this.
Attorney.
Look after your family.
Hey, wait, wait!
Hey, hey, hey! Wait!
Destruction of property. Come on.
Shut up, you bastard.
Hey, wait a minute!
What's wrong with you? Are you on meth?
I'm not, you bastard.
-Ow!
-Stay still!
That hurts. Ow!
Ouch, ow, ow…
That hurts!
Stay quiet.
Call the police, you bastard!
What's wrong? You look down.
Did I run away?
Huh?
He told me I ran away.
The yakuza who's close to Attorney Kujo.
I'm aware of it.
Attorney Kujo's clients have
multiple cases of fraud and extortion.
There's a good chance
he'll be charged as an accomplice
for helping them.
If he's prosecuted and found guilty,
he'll automatically lose his job.
Even if he avoids prosecution,
a disciplinary complaint
could still lead to disbarment,
in the worst case.
I understand your concern,
Attorney Karasuma,
but it's Attorney Kujo
we're talking about.
I'm sure he's taking measures
to avoid getting entangled in any trouble.
But if there was an ultimate prosecutor,
wouldn't Attorney Kujo get locked up?
An ultimate prosecutor…
Is there such a prosecutor?
Who knows?
Good article, Kurama.
Good job.
No, your formulation
of the hypothesis was brilliant.
My hunch was mostly right. That's all.
Ultimately, bad people
only care about their own gain.
It's the logic of bad people.
Even prosecutors acting like self-serving
corporate workers are on the rise.
In that sense, I like your tenacity.
Thank you very much.
Since Ono has quit,
you're the only one I can rely on.
I'm counting on you.
What's Mr. Ono going to do
after he retires?
I hear he'll be
a prosecutor-turned-lawyer.
I don't like lawyers,
especially,
lawyers who protect bad people.
I despise them.
I'm sorry. I kept saying I'd treat you,
but I kept putting it off.
This is my treat.
No, it's fine.
I'll let you treat me at a better place.
I won at the horse races today.
I want to thank you
for introducing me to Ms. Ichida.
She said she'd join us.
Hmm, delicious. Good choice.
Why'd you quit working for Attorney Kujo?
Huh?
I introduced you to him, right?
And yet you quit without consulting
or even contacting me.
You're not fit to be an adult,
let alone a lawyer.
I'm sorry.
What happened?
If I stayed with Attorney Kujo,
I wouldn't be able to do
what I should be doing.
I see.
So you know what you should be doing,
Attorney Karasuma.
The same goes for you, right?
Your job as a social worker…
Somehow,
I've been losing sight of it lately.
Did something happen?
You and Attorney Kujo use the law
to protect the weak as attorneys, right?
Well…
And Ms. Ichida, the newspaper reporter,
reports on the truth behind cases
and shares it with the public.
She prevents recurrence
and helps protect society.
You're right.
So what should I protect?
As a social worker, you help rehabilitate
people who committed crimes--
But is that really protecting them?
Yes.
Wouldn't it be more protective
to prevent them
from committing crimes in the first place?
Well…
I mean, what am I protecting?
Should I protect their past?
Or their future?
How do you do that?
What is it that only I can do?
What do you really think it is?
Hello, Ms. Ichida.
Do you think you can come?
Ah, I'm sorry. I'm still staking out
the prosecutor… Maybe next time.
Oh, sorry.
What are prosecutors like?
What do they protect?
I guess they protect justice.
Well, I have an aversion to them.
Aversion?
This country's prosecution system adopts
the principle of exclusive prosecution.
Sorry, I don't get it.
Simply put,
only the prosecution has the power
to prosecute criminal cases.
In other words, if the prosecution
decides not to prosecute,
it's the same as being acquitted.
They have the authority
to decide people's fates.
I see.
I dislike prosecutors.
Good evening, Prosecutor Kurama.
Your article on the general contractors
was good. The manager was also pleased.
Thanks to you, we got the scoop.
Thank you very much.
You write good articles
that move people's emotions.
I have other good stories.
You want them, don't you?
What's wrong? Don't you want them?
Prosecutor Kurama.
Your younger brother, Attorney Kujo,
is meeting with the boss of Fushimi-gumi.
He seems to be acting
as Fushimi-gumi's retained lawyer.
One more thing…
A former client of Attorney Kujo
who was on a suspended sentence
was re-arrested for drugs.
The suspect's with Detective Arashiyama
of the Organized Crime Division.
Mr. Arashiyama, huh?
Do you know him?
We worked together years ago
on a woman's dismemberment case.
He's a detective who is really persistent.
Did you know
that his daughter was murdered?
I'm aware.
He believes
that Fushimi-gumi's responsible,
and he's still
relentlessly pursuing the case.
Detective Arashiyama seems
to be after Attorney Kujo
to take down Fushimi-gumi.
I understand
Detective Arashiyama's assessment.
It looks like Taiza's badge
is finally about to be taken from him.
What are you planning to do now?
Keep covering the story.
It'll make a good article.
You
write good articles
that move people's emotions.
What's wrong?
My stupid junior got busted.
Can you help me?
He's a hopeless scumbag,
but his father heads
a construction company I'm involved with.
I have no choice but to take care of him.
Could it be…
He's a real idiot,
a product of an overindulgent parent.
Are you going
to remain silent again, Morita?
Your urine test came back positive.
You can't run away from this,
so be prepared.
By the way, I want to ask you something.
Morita, when you caused that car accident,
you stated in your testimony
that you'd lost your smartphone.
Yes.
You're using
a pretty old smartphone, aren't you?
Huh?
This is the smartphone you lost, right?
I found it under my bed.
Don't lie to me!
You didn't give this to us
on purpose back then.
It wasn't your idea, was it?
Did Attorney Kujo tell you
to say you lost it?
I'll reduce your sentence,
so tell me everything, Morita.
A prison sentence?
Not a suspended sentence?
Well, that seems impossible.
Your urine test
came back positive for drugs.
You had three pills of MDMA,
about one gram,
and you caused property damage.
No way…
I'm going to prison?
Mr. Morita,
you were on a suspended sentence for
a traffic accident, and you reoffended.
Just remain silent.
What's the matter?
How can we prove
that Morita left his smartphone
at Kujo's office?
We need three things…
First, Morita's own statement
that Kujo told him to leave it there.
We dangled a deal,
so if we press him a bit more, he'll talk.
What's the second thing?
A testimony
from another person of interest.
If it matches Morita's statement,
it will be credible.
The third thing is objective evidence.
-Did you get the location data?
-Yes.
And the location history
of the day Morita turned himself in?
The address of Kujo Law Office
was in the location history.
That means the smartphone was there.
I see.
That would be objective evidence.
Yes.
So we've got two things covered.
We just need a testimony
from another person of interest.
-Then we'll have all three things.
-That's right.
Just one more.
Then we can get Kujo convicted.
This is delicious.
I'm glad you like it.
Oh, please eat this too,
while it's still hot.
-Omurice?
-Yes.
My dad loved this.
-This is the Karasuma family's lucky meal.
-Thank you.
You're welcome.
This is good.
-Really?
-Yes.
I love the seasoning,
especially the ketchup-flavored rice.
How do I put it…?
You're very different
from what I imagined.
People call you the "crooked lawyer,"
so I imagined a scary person showing up.
-Mom!
-Huh? What?
What's wrong? I'm complimenting him.
She is complimenting me.
-You're a good person, Attorney Kujo.
-Do you think so?
People who eat food with such relish
can't be bad people.
-Please, eat up.
-Okay.
-Go ahead. Yes, yes.
-Thanks.
Your dad used to make coffee for us
after dinner like this.
Oh, yeah.
He used to say, "Leave the coffee to me."
All the time.
Attorney Kujo.
Yes?
Ever since my husband passed away,
until recently,
I used to get emotionally distressed
while remembering the past.
But I finally feel like
I've gotten my emotions back.
Even when he was young,
your dad couldn't stand by
when he saw someone in need.
I'm sure that's why he tried to help
the person who was being attacked,
and this was the outcome.
But even in his final moments…
I don't think he had any regrets.
Because that's the kind of life he lived.
Here you go.
Thank you.
It's delicious.
I'm glad you like it.
I'm sure your parents
would have wanted to see
the great person you've become.
I wonder about that.
My mother wanted me
to become a prosecutor.
But I wasn't as talented
as my father or older brother.
I failed the bar exam repeatedly
and thought about giving up a few times.
I thought that even if I gave up,
I had to do what only I could do.
My mother passed away
in my first year of high school.
But she always told me
to become someone who's helpful to others.
I might be incompetent,
but my mission is to help others
and save people.
I believe that I must see it to the end.
I actually wanted to tell my mother
while she was still alive.
I wanted to say, "I chose to be
an attorney instead of a prosecutor."
"If that's the path you chose,
I will support you with all my heart."
I think
that's what your mother would say.
Attorney Kujo?
Attorney Kujo, do you have a moment?
Should I come back?
No.
What is it?
Yes.
Yes, please hold on a moment.
Attorney Karasuma.
Yes.
It's a detective
from Honjo Police Station.
Got it.
Hello, this is Attorney Karasuma speaking.
Hello, my name's Detective Arashiyama.
I know very well this is unusual,
but I have a few questions.
Mr. Karasuma,
would you mind coming
to the police station?
I don't like how Arashiyama
is pressuring Morita.
If we put Detective Arashiyama's actions
in shogi terms,
he's attacking Morita, the pawn,
to get you and me, the rook and bishop.
Then he's aiming for Kyogoku, the king.
If Morita, the pawn, switches sides
and is promoted, we're in trouble.
But even the police
would need a lot of courage
to conduct an official investigation
of a law office.
They need solid evidence to take action.
However,
if they see
that they have a chance of winning,
they'll crush us completely.
Attorney Karasuma,
could you take out your phone?
Why?
We want to ensure
you're not recording this conversation.
Here you go.
So what do you want?
Why did you quit working
at Kujo Law Office, Attorney Karasuma?
For personal reasons.
Do I need to answer
this question in detail?
Was it because you were fed up with
Mr. Kujo being entangled with criminals?
The police sure love
to make baseless assumptions.
Never mind.
A while ago, you saw Morita hide his phone
when he came to the office
for a consultation, right?
What is this about?
Morita told us.
I handed over my phone
to Attorney Kujo as he instructed.
That's what he said.
The address for Kujo Law Office was found
in the location history of his phone
on the day Morita turned himself in.
That's a clear case
of evidence concealment.
He came to the office,
so the address should be in the history.
Mr. Karasuma, that pen is a bug, isn't it?
I've seen one before, so I noticed it.
You sure are well-prepared.
You never know
when an unfair interrogation might happen.
Did you perhaps record the conversation
between Attorney Kujo and Morita too?
Didn't you hear
Attorney Kujo's instructions
to conceal the evidence?
Surely you weren't an accomplice,
were you?
No. Attorney Kujo
was just doing his job as a lawyer.
Attorney Karasuma,
if you try to cover for him,
you'll lose your badge too.
Are you okay with that?
Won't your mom be sad?
-This has nothing to do with my mother.
-Not true.
If you get called a "crooked lawyer,"
people will say
that you really are a family of villains.
A family?
What do you mean?
I know about your father.
I could have another article written
to remind the public.
Fukami, stop it.
Attorney Karasuma's family
has suffered for a long time
because of that article.
I'm sorry, Attorney Karasuma.
He's being rude.
But since we've called in a lawyer
in this manner,
we're treating this investigation
with a certain degree of determination.
If you give a statement,
we can get to Kyogoku.
You're the last piece of the puzzle.
You can save the weak people
who are suffering because of the bad guys.
Let's end this.
INUKAI
I'm sorry.
What is it, Inukai?
At someone's request,
I kidnapped and beat up a guy
who caused trouble.
What should I do?
Do you know him?
No, not at all.
I kidnapped him
out of view of the security cameras,
so no one saw me.
Leave him somewhere.
Just in case, stay low.
Yes, Mibu.
Turn off your phone after you hang up.
Huh?
I don't want the police
to pick up the weak signals.
Don't just turn it off.
Remove the SIM card
and hide it somewhere else.
O-Oh, okay.
When things settle,
turn on your phone
while driving on the highway.
Understood.
You and I are always getting
into trouble, aren't we?
Yes.
Excuse me.
Yes?
Hey, Mibu.
My wife contacted me.
She said our son is missing.
Do you know anything?
We've tried reaching him since last night,
but I don't think it's anything serious.
No, nothing.
I see.
Tell me if you get any info.
Okay.
The person you are trying…
Damn it! Inukai turned off
his phone right away.
Hello? What is it?
Kuga, we have a problem. Find Inukai.
I wanna know who
the person he kidnapped is.
What do we do with him?
We'll dump him at a hospital.
I'll stay low just in case.
You guys should do the same.
We kidnapped him without knowing much,
but what did he do?
I was just asked to do this.
Apparently, he's been getting cocky
and causing trouble,
so I was asked to teach him a lesson.
Oh?
He heard our conversation.
TAKESHI KYOGOKU
He has an annoying face,
just like his father.
Change of plans.
Attorney Kujo, I'm heading back.
I was about to go see Mr. Morita anyway.
I'm grateful to you, Attorney Kujo.
Other attorneys
have their positions to consider,
so they play it safe.
But you're a rare attorney
who fights for your clients.
Was everything okay after my last visit?
Huh?
Are you still remaining silent?
Um…
Yes?
Can I change attorneys?
Well, my dad is going
to introduce me to another attorney.
Relieved of duty? That's rough.
Oh, right. Attorney Karasuma just left.
Attorney Karasuma?
We were asking him a lot of questions…
about Morita.
Attorney Karasuma.
Attorney Kujo.
Are you okay?
I have a favor to ask of you,
Attorney Kujo.
What is it?
I want to drink coffee made by you.
Thank you.
You were questioned
by Detective Arashiyama
about Morita's case, right?
Yes.
Are you okay?
Don't worry. I didn't say anything.
No,
I'm worried about you, Attorney Karasuma.
Don't worry about me.
You should worry about yourself.
Detective Arashiyama
is no longer selective about his methods.
To prove the truth
behind his daughter's murder,
he's targeting Mibu and Kyogoku.
And you're also one of his targets.
I'm aware of that.
He has objective evidence.
I was dismissed as Morita's lawyer.
He'll probably make a statement.
What are you going to do?
I'll just do what I have to do.
Is protecting anti-social people
like Mibu and Kyogoku
something you have to do?
It's my duty as a lawyer.
As a result, you'll be cornered.
People betray others easily
to protect themselves, like Morita did.
It's dangerous to get close
to your clients.
You have to protect yourself.
Attorney Karasuma.
This city may look free.
BICYCLES PROHIBITED
But it's bound
by regulations, rules, and laws.
DON'T TEXT AND WALK
There are invisible laws
in our daily lives.
I believe that the law is the one thing
that treats everyone equally.
I'm not asking about the law.
I'm asking about your emotions.
My emotions?
After my father was killed,
my mother was slandered by the public,
so she's lived her life
suppressing her emotions.
You're just like her.
Your eyes look like my mother's
when she was suffering.
The public will hate you even more,
and you could lose your place.
Can you still go on without breaking down?
Honestly…
I'm scared.
Very scared.
Before I'm a lawyer, I'm a human being.
I may be a "backward human…"
but I'm also a weak human.
When I first took on a case
for an anti-social person as a lawyer,
I was conflicted.
I wondered if what I was doing
was really the right thing.
But if I didn't take on the case,
someone else would have to defend them.
The same goes for people oppressed
by society because they don't have money.
Most lawyers don't want
to take on cases for those weak people.
I learned that from experience.
The law can protect human rights,
but it can't protect people's lives.
I wanted to protect the lives of the weak.
But to do that, I had to step into the
ecosystem where the strong prey on them,
the world with the bad guys
who threaten them.
When a lawyer saves someone,
they bring sorrow to another.
So I decided
to carry the weight of that sin.
But if you lose your badge, you won't
be able to be a lawyer anymore.
Even with the noblest intentions,
you won't be able
to protect anyone anymore.
You might even lose your life.
I don't want you to die, Attorney Kujo.
I want you to remain a lawyer.
Attorney Karasuma.
Thank you.
Like how your mother
talked about your father…
A person's way of life is revealed
in the moment of their death.
The way a person dies
shows their way of life.
Even if I lose my badge
and die as a lawyer,
this is the way of life that I chose.
And this is something only I can do.
So,
I'm prepared
for whatever awaits me.
Chop him up and carry him in this box.
Wait a minute!
My dad is Kiyoshi Kyogoku,
the underboss of Fushimi-gumi!
You're crossing the point of no return!
Is that so?
All the more reason to silence you.
Boss, no one around here
saw Takeshi yesterday.
Just keep looking!
I have a bad feeling about this.
My hunch is usually right.
Stop!
Mibu!
Someone named Yamamoto
knows where Inukai's hideout is.
-Kyogoku can't beat us there. Get in.
-Yes, sir.
Any shitty information will do.
Find out where Takeshi went.
Find him no matter what!
Please stop already!
This is the last question.
Okay.
Right now…
do you need me, Attorney Kujo?
I…
don't need you.
Understood.
Attorney Taiza Kujo.
It was only for a short time…
but thank you for everything.
Thank you very much.
Excuse me.
Subtitle translation by: Miho Kunisawa